Express is a minimal node.js framework, a higher level of abstraction.

Express contains a very robust set of features: complex routing, easier handling
of requests and responses, middleware, server-side rendering etc...

Express allows for rpid deevelopment of node.js applications: we don't have to re-invent the wheel

Express makes it easier to organize our application into the MVC architecture.

Routing means how an application response to a certain client request, so to a certain URL...

API: Aplication Programing Interface: a piece of softwaer that can be  used by another peice of 
    softwear, in order to allow applications to talk  to each other.

    But Applications can be other things:
        - Node.js fs is an api we are using to read files.
        - browser DOM, we are using the dom api to manipulate the data.
        - with object-oriented Programing when exposing methods to the public, we are creating an API.

REST (Representational State Transfer): Is a way of building web API's in a logical 
                                        way making them simple to consume.
    To build a REST API:
        1. Seperate API into logical resources
        2. Expose structured, resource-based URL's
        3. Use the right HTTP methods (verbs)
        4. Send data as JSON (usually)
        5. Be stateless
    
    resource  -> Object or Representation of something, which has data associated to it.
                 Any information that can be named can be resource. (users, for exmaple)..
    
    PUT -> the client sends the entire updated object.
    PATCH -> the client send only the part of the object that has been changed.
    POST -> creates a new resource 
    DELTE -> the id or any unquie identafier should be in the url so it can be deleted.
    GET -> retrive am object

    CRUD = Creat, Read, Update, Delte.

Stateless RESTful API: All state is handled on the client. This means that each request must contains       
                       all the information necessary to process a certain request. the server should
                       not have to remember previous requests.


Param middlewaer: is middlewaer that runs only for certain paramaters, for instance write
                  middlewaer that only runs when x param is present on the URL.